# h2specd
A testing tool for HTTP2 browser implementation.

### BINARY FILE:

Can be found in the Releases section, with the name "h2specd” and followed by the OS and architecture it is destined for. Download the one suitable for you.

### INSTRUCTIONS:

**a)** In order to create an https server on your localhost you need a self-signed certificate, which can be generated by running: “openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout localhost.key -out localhost.crt -days XXX -nodes”. You are recommended to run this command in the folder of the binary file so you do not have to move files around.

**b)** Currently there are no options available hence the binary file should be run as it this, through the terminal: **./h2specd** (Linux and MacOS). Make sure to run the file with root permissions (this is the case because in order to listen to a port destined for https, root rights are needed).

**c)** Once the program is running you can access the localhost through your browser and enter “https://localhost:443/XXX” as the address, where XXX represents the section number (based from the RFC 7540 specification) that you want to check in your browser.

**d)** After following the above mentioned guidelines a short description will appear about the test chosen followed by a PASSED or FAILED notification. Again, this will only appear in your terminal.

\*\* At the moment it is necessary to **force close** and **restart** the binary file in order to test other cases.

### ISSUES:

The source code is based on the net/http golang library, which was modified in certain places (namely server.go and h2_bundle.go) to be able to create tests that focus on extreme cases. Feedback is welcomed on the style, structure and implementation of h2specd. This still represents a work in progress.

Known issues are that the test cases:

* testCaseIllegalFrameSentWhileIdle
* testCaseSelfDependingPriorityFrame
* testCaseIllegalSizeRST_STREAM
* testCaseNonZeroLengthAckSettingFrame

do not seem to function as they should when checking them through Wireshark. No GOAWAY frame or a different error than the one expected and specified in RFC 7540 is received. These are results from trying the latest version of the Chrome browser.
